Add GettingStarted for Qiskit Nature (#191)
Qiskit/qiskit-nature: docs/getting_started.rst

:orphan:

###############
Getting started
###############

Installation
============

Qiskit Nature depends on the main Qiskit package which has its own
`Qiskit Getting Started <https://qiskit.org/documentation/getting_started.html>`__ detailing the
installation options for Qiskit and its supported environments/platforms. You should refer to
that first. Then the information here can be followed which focuses on the additional installation

> specific to Qiskit Nature .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific to Qiskit Nature.
```

Reviewer 2: The current spell check uses pylint which only looks at python source code. There is a PR on hold on Optimization to posssibly use sphinxcontrib.spelling which is called from sphinx and I believe would look at the whole documentation.

Qiskit Nature has some functions that have been made optional where the dependent code and/or
support program(s) are not (or cannot be) installed by default. These include, for example,

> classical libary/programs for molecular problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
classical library/programs for molecular problems.
```

Author: I have the spellchecker turned on locally. I missed the above one - its right over a highlighted block on my machine so I did not notice the wiggly underlining. But as Manoel mentioned if we switch spellchecked to sphinx output it would take care of mistakes like that!

See :ref:`optional_installs` for more information.

.. tabbed:: Start locally

    The simplest way to get started is to follow the getting started 'Start locally' for Qiskit
    here `Qiskit Getting Started <https://qiskit.org/documentation/getting_started.html>`__

>     In your virtual environment where you installed qiskit simply add nature to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In your virtual environment where you installed Qiskit simply add Qiskit Nature to the
```

Author: No that is not what is wanted. where you did 'pip install qiskit` you do `pip install qiskit[nature]` i.e add nature to the list same as visualization example.  I guess its fine either way on qiskit capitalization but maybe I should have quoted nature to make it show up. I'll do that instead

    extra list in a similar manner to how the extra ``visualization`` support is shown for
    Qiskit, i.e:

    .. code:: sh

        pip install qiskit[nature]

    It is worth pointing out that if you're a zsh user (which is the default shell on newer
    versions of macOS), you'll need to put ``qiskit[nature]`` in quotes:

    .. code:: sh

        pip install 'qiskit[nature]'

.. tabbed:: Install from source

   Installing Qiskit Nature from source allows you to access the most recently
   updated version under development instead of using the version in the Python Package
   Index (PyPI) repository. This will give you the ability to inspect and extend
   the latest version of the Qiskit Nature code more efficiently.

   Since Qiskit Nature depends on Qiskit, and its latest changes may require new or changed

>    feature from Qiskit, you should first `Install from source` Qiskit by following the instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   features of Qiskit, you should first follow Qiskit's `"Install from source"` instructions
```

   here `Qiskit Getting Started <https://qiskit.org/documentation/getting_started.html>`__

   .. raw:: html

      <h2>Installing Qiskit Nature from Source</h2>

   Using the same development environment that you installed Qiskit in you are ready to install
   Qiskit Nature.

   1. Clone the Qiskit Nature repository.

      .. code:: sh

         git clone https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-nature.git

   2. Cloning the repository creates a local folder called ``qiskit-nature``.

      .. code:: sh

         cd qiskit-nature

   3. If you want to run tests or linting checks, install the developer requirements.

      .. code:: sh

         pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

   4. Install ``qiskit-nature``.

      .. code:: sh

         pip install .

   If you want to install it in editable mode, meaning that code changes to the
   project don't require a reinstall to be applied, you can do this with:

   .. code:: sh

      pip install -e .

.. _optional_installs:

Optional installs
=================

Qiskit Nature supports the use of different classical libraries and programs, via drivers, which

> compute molecular information, such as one and two body integrals. This is needed as problem input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compute molecular information, such as one and two body integrals. This is needed as problem input to
```

> algorithms that compute properties of molecules, such as ground state energy, so at least one such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
algorithms that compute properties of molecules, such as the ground state energy, so at least one such
```

library/program should be installed. As you can choose which driver you use, you can install as
many, or as few as you wish, that are supported by your platform etc.

See `Driver installation <./apidocs/qiskit_nature.drivers.html#drivers>`__ which lists each driver
and how to install the dependent library/program that it requires.

----

Ready to get going?...
======================

.. raw:: html

   <div class="tutorials-callout-container">
      <div class="row">

.. customcalloutitem::
   :description: Find out about Qiskit Nature and how to use it for natural science problems.
   :header: Dive into the tutorials
   :button_link:  ./tutorials/index.html

>    :button_text: Qiskit Nature tutorials

Reviewer: Is this the only reason for all those custom templates added by this PR? Rendering the docs locally is really underwhelming to be honest..
I also did not see all of these extensions in Terra. Did you copy them from another Qiskit repo?
![screenshot_1621233675](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/21973473/118443014-abc02c00-b6eb-11eb-83a6-254fb6f62c44.png)

Author: This follows the look/feel of the GettingStarted in the main Qiskit documentation and the extensions are defined in `qiskit` repo. Yes the module is a copy - I need to check with Paul concerning lack of copyright as I copied it as is and it does not have an.
